#EXTM3U

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/cCR3BT0/mazzaropi-icon.jpg" group-title="Sessao mazzaropi" ,Mazzaropi O Noivo Da Girafa
http://sume.lhmtv.gq/COMEDIA/Mazzaropi-.O.Noivo.Da.Girafa.mp4?LHMTv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/cCR3BT0/mazzaropi-icon.jpg" group-title="Sessao mazzaropi" ,Mazzaropi A Banda Das Velhas Virgens
http://sume.lhmtv.gq/COMEDIA/Mazzaropi.A.Banda.Das.Velhas.Virgens.mp4?LHMTv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/cCR3BT0/mazzaropi-icon.jpg" group-title="Sessao mazzaropi" ,Mazzaropi A Carrocinha
http://sume.lhmtv.gq/COMEDIA/Mazzaropi.A.Carrocinha.mp4?LHMTv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/cCR3BT0/mazzaropi-icon.jpg" group-title="Sessao mazzaropi" ,Mazzaropi As Aventuras de Pedro Malazartes
http://sume.lhmtv.gq/COMEDIA/Mazzaropi.As.Aventuras.de.Pedro.Malazartes.mp4?LHMTv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/cCR3BT0/mazzaropi-icon.jpg" group-title="Sessao mazzaropi" ,Mazzaropi Betao Ronca.Ferro
http://sume.lhmtv.gq/COMEDIA/Mazzaropi.Betao.Ronca.Ferro.mp4?LHMTv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/cCR3BT0/mazzaropi-icon.jpg" group-title="Sessao mazzaropi" ,Mazzaropi Candinho
http://sume.lhmtv.gq/COMEDIA/Mazzaropi.Candinho.mp4?LHMTv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/cCR3BT0/mazzaropi-icon.jpg" group-title="Sessao mazzaropi" ,Mazzaropi Casinha Pequenina
http://sume.lhmtv.gq/COMEDIA/Mazzaropi.Casinha.Pequenina.mp4?LHMTv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/cCR3BT0/mazzaropi-icon.jpg" group-title="Sessao mazzaropi" ,Mazzaropi Chico Fumaca
http://sume.lhmtv.gq/COMEDIA/Mazzaropi.Chico.Fumaca.mp4?LHMTv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/cCR3BT0/mazzaropi-icon.jpg" group-title="Sessao mazzaropi" ,Mazzaropi Chofer de Praca
http://sume.lhmtv.gq/COMEDIA/Mazzaropi.Chofer.de.Praca.mp4?LHMTv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/cCR3BT0/mazzaropi-icon.jpg" group-title="Sessao mazzaropi" ,Mazzaropi Fuzileiro Do Amor
http://sume.lhmtv.gq/COMEDIA/Mazzaropi.Fuzileiro.Do.Amor.mp4?LHMTv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/cCR3BT0/mazzaropi-icon.jpg" group-title="Sessao mazzaropi" ,Mazzaropi Gato de Madame
http://sume.lhmtv.gq/COMEDIA/Mazzaropi.Gato.de.Madame.mp4?LHMTv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/cCR3BT0/mazzaropi-icon.jpg" group-title="Sessao mazzaropi" ,Mazzaropi Jeca Tatu
http://sume.lhmtv.gq/COMEDIA/Mazzaropi.Jeca.Tatu.mp4?LHMTv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/cCR3BT0/mazzaropi-icon.jpg" group-title="Sessao mazzaropi" ,Mazzaropi Jeca contra o Capeta
http://sume.lhmtv.gq/COMEDIA/Mazzaropi.Jeca.contra.o.Capeta.mp4?LHMTv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/cCR3BT0/mazzaropi-icon.jpg" group-title="Sessao mazzaropi" ,Mazzaropi Jeca e Seu Filho Preto
http://sume.lhmtv.gq/COMEDIA/Mazzaropi.Jeca.e.Seu.Filho.Preto.mp4?LHMTv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/cCR3BT0/mazzaropi-icon.jpg" group-title="Sessao mazzaropi" ,Mazzaropi Jecao Um Fofoqueiro No Ceu
http://sume.lhmtv.gq/COMEDIA/Mazzaropi.Jecao.Um.Fofoqueiro.No.Ceu.mp4?LHMTv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/cCR3BT0/mazzaropi-icon.jpg" group-title="Sessao mazzaropi" ,Mazzaropi Meu Japao Brasileiro
http://sume.lhmtv.gq/COMEDIA/Mazzaropi.Meu.Japao.Brasileiro.mp4?LHMTv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/cCR3BT0/mazzaropi-icon.jpg" group-title="Sessao mazzaropi" ,Mazzaropi Nadando em Dinheiro
http://sume.lhmtv.gq/COMEDIA/Mazzaropi.Nadando.em.Dinheiro.mp4?LHMTv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/cCR3BT0/mazzaropi-icon.jpg" group-title="Sessao mazzaropi" ,Mazzaropi No.paraiso da solteironas
http://sume.lhmtv.gq/COMEDIA/Mazzaropi.No.paraiso.das.solteironas.mp4?LHMTv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/cCR3BT0/mazzaropi-icon.jpg" group-title="Sessao mazzaropi" ,Mazzaropi O Corintiano
http://sume.lhmtv.gq/COMEDIA/Mazzaropi.O.Corintiano.mp4?LHMTv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/cCR3BT0/mazzaropi-icon.jpg" group-title="Sessao mazzaropi" ,Mazzaropi O Grande.Xerife
http://sume.lhmtv.gq/COMEDIA/Mazzaropi.O.Grande.Xerife.mp4?LHMTv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/cCR3BT0/mazzaropi-icon.jpg" group-title="Sessao mazzaropi" ,Mazzaropi O Jeca.Macumbeiro
http://sume.lhmtv.gq/COMEDIA/Mazzaropi.O.Jeca.Macumbeiro.mp4?LHMTv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/cCR3BT0/mazzaropi-icon.jpg" group-title="Sessao mazzaropi" ,Mazzaropi O Jeca.e.a.Egua.Milagrosa
http://sume.lhmtv.gq/COMEDIA/Mazzaropi.O.Jeca.e.a.Egua.Milagrosa.mp4?LHMTv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/cCR3BT0/mazzaropi-icon.jpg" group-title="Sessao mazzaropi" ,Mazzaropi O Jeca.e.a.Freira
http://sume.lhmtv.gq/COMEDIA/Mazzaropi.O.Jeca.e.a.Freira.mp4?LHMTv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/cCR3BT0/mazzaropi-icon.jpg" group-title="Sessao mazzaropi" ,Mazzaropi O Lamparina
http://sume.lhmtv.gq/COMEDIA/Mazzaropi.O.Lamparina.mp4?LHMTv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/cCR3BT0/mazzaropi-icon.jpg" group-title="Sessao mazzaropi" ,Mazzaropi O Puritano da rua augusta
http://sume.lhmtv.gq/COMEDIA/Mazzaropi.O.Puritano.da.rua.augusta.mp4?LHMTv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/cCR3BT0/mazzaropi-icon.jpg" group-title="Sessao mazzaropi" ,Mazzaropi O Vendedor de Linguica
http://sume.lhmtv.gq/COMEDIA/Mazzaropi.O.Vendedor.de.Linguica.mp4?LHMTv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/cCR3BT0/mazzaropi-icon.jpg" group-title="Sessao mazzaropi" ,Mazzaropi O cineasta das plateias
http://sume.lhmtv.gq/COMEDIA/Mazzaropi.O.cineasta.das.plateias.mp4?LHMTv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/cCR3BT0/mazzaropi-icon.jpg" group-title="Sessao mazzaropi" ,Mazzaropi Portugal Minha.Saudade
http://sume.lhmtv.gq/COMEDIA/Mazzaropi.Portugal.Minha.Saudade.mp4?LHMTv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/cCR3BT0/mazzaropi-icon.jpg" group-title="Sessao mazzaropi" ,Mazzaropi Sai da frente
http://sume.lhmtv.gq/COMEDIA/Mazzaropi.Sai.da.frente.mp4?LHMTv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/cCR3BT0/mazzaropi-icon.jpg" group-title="Sessao mazzaropi" ,Mazzaropi Tristeza do Jeca
http://sume.lhmtv.gq/COMEDIA/Mazzaropi.Tristeza.do.Jeca.mp4?LHMTv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/cCR3BT0/mazzaropi-icon.jpg" group-title="Sessao mazzaropi" ,Mazzaropi Um.Caipira em Bariloche
http://sume.lhmtv.gq/COMEDIA/Mazzaropi.Um.Caipira.em.Bariloche.mp4?LHMTv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/cCR3BT0/mazzaropi-icon.jpg" group-title="Sessao mazzaropi" ,Mazzaropi Uma.Pistola para Djeca
http://sume.lhmtv.gq/COMEDIA/Mazzaropi.Uma.Pistola.para.Djeca.mp4?LHMTv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/cCR3BT0/mazzaropi-icon.jpg" group-title="Sessao mazzaropi" ,Mazzaropi Ze Periquito
http://sume.lhmtv.gq/COMEDIA/Mazzaropi.Ze.Periquito.mp4?LHMTv
